#openIQ is a open souce project that allows you to setup a quiz engine and lets you feed it with your own questions and answers to your indented audience. 

= Introduction =
If you have taken any type of objective type written test then you are familiar with how it works. By using this code you can create your own Quiz engine. And share them with your kids or over the internet with other kid, or a class of kids. The application was written for anyone (a parent, guardian, teacher, tutor, community co-ordinator, firemen, police, doctor... anyone) who want his child or children, student(s), participants to answer a set of questions the author intented to ask. The response will be evaluated instantly as the particpant answer each question or at the end of the quiz. The history will be stored so that the author and participany can track their progress.


This is intented to be used to enhance and share the knowledge for educational purpose and the general welfare of the community.


= Details =

Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages

== Scenarios ==
Here are a few scenarios under which openIQ can be used:
  * You are conducting multi session seminar for your fortune 999999 client and at the end of each session you want your participants to take a quiz based on what you have conducted on that session. You want to track their progress and also want to get a feed on how the session went, you using openIQ, setup questionanires and let the partipants take this online quiz before the next session. Since openIQ has an instant evaluation mode, it will let you know instantly how the participants did and your effectiveness of the seminar.

  * You are a local community Fireman and every Saturday you oranize a group at the local library and you conduct a class about CPR. This is a 5 week program and at the end of the 5 week you want your particpants to take a quiz and distribute them a certification of the program. Using openIQ you setup the quiz and set a threshold to pass the quiz. Who ever passed that threshold will get certificate. 